Why does it seem like everyone's getting
richer, skinnier, better than me? Why
does it seem like everything's going
wrong and every time I think it's going
right, something bad happens? Like, I
guess I just can't catch a break. If
you're watching this, you might feel the
same way. You thought you'd be further
along by now, that you'd have more
money, more experience, more friends.
But you have none of that. And it
actually feels like you're going
backwards. You hate when people tell you
to look on the bright side or think
positively or don't worry, your time
will come. But little do they know, it's
been weeks, months, years, and you're
still waiting just to feel slightly
successful. I'm going to tell you
something you probably don't want to
hear, but it is the one thing that has
helped me more than anything else, and
it is the manifesto I live my life by,
and that's radical acceptance. We say
that everything in our life is bad, but
is it really? Why is it bad? Who told
you it was bad? We judge and label every
single experience as either good or bad.
It's just human nature. Everything needs
to be categorized in our brain by
emotion. The summer before college,
good. My 16th birthday party, bad. But
these are superficial labels because
nothing in this world is good or bad. It
just is. When I see the world this way,
I've become less attached to it and more
at peace. I've just stopped letting
things that happened to me tell me who I
am. We get emotionally triggered by
situations because our brain
automatically labels it as negative or
we instantly dislike someone because we
don't see them as a good person. But the
hard truth I've had to learn is that I'm
no better than them. I've made people
cry before. I've raised my voice. I've
made a lot of mistakes. But I don't
label myself as good or bad. I just am.
We all have positive and negative
traits. But we can't fully say we're one
or the other. So, we also don't need to
associate things as being positive or
negative because then our mind creates
expectations for how to feel in
situations that haven't even happened
yet. When I got my internship my junior
year of college, I was so happy. I
couldn't believe it. But when I actually
started the job, it did not live up to
what I thought it was going to be. It
actually kind of sucked. And then I
became depressed because what I thought
was going to be so great wasn't actually
anymore. These judgments drive how we
think. How we think dictates how we feel
and how we feel motivates how we act.
But I give you permission to let go of
these good and bad judgments. We don't
need to keep labeling ourselves and
other people. And your failures, they
are what they are. Is it really a
failure if it was also an experience?
How can you have a failed experience?
You can't because the experience did
exactly what it was supposed to. You
experienced it. It made you learn. And
that will never be taken away from you.
It is at the center of the human
experience. We live to do. And to do is
to experience all of what life has to
offer, both good and bad. It's actually
quite wonderful that we can even
remember all of our experiences and take
away all of the lessons from them so
that we can evolve into better people.
Now that I think about it, I've never
wished that I didn't learn from an
experience. It is the only thing with a
guaranteed positive outcome. In order to
change the way I react, I need to change
my thoughts. We go through life
believing every thought we have. That
we're not good enough, pretty enough,
smart enough. These thoughts tell us
we're behind and we actually believe
them. But once I started going to
therapy, I could become aware of the
thoughts I couldn't hear before. And
once I could hear them, I could silence
them. That's one of the reasons I'm so
grateful to be partnering with
BetterHelp, the sponsor of today's
video. Better Help has made it
incredibly easy to get therapy online
with licensed professionals from the
comfort of your own home. If you've been
feeling stuck, behind, or unworthy,
therapy can be a valuable tool for
working through these thoughts. And if
the therapist you're matched with isn't
the right fit, you can switch to a
different one at no extra cost and no
hard feelings. If you'd like to learn
more, you can go to
betterhelp.com/allisonbeck
and get 10% off your first month of
therapy. But radical acceptance isn't
just about accepting what's happening to
you right now. It's also about accepting
everything that's happened to you in the
past. A lot of us say we want peace, but
we're still fighting old wars. We're
still arguing with things that happened
5 years ago, 15 years ago. We replay
conversations in our head. We think
about the people who hurt us. We think
about the opportunities we lost, the
mistakes we made, and without realizing
it, we spend years wishing reality was
different, but it's not. There is
nothing you can do to change your
experiences. You can only change how you
perceive them now. And the more we
resist these truths, the more power they
continue to have over us. We let our
past dictate our future, our careers,
our relationships. We let it creep into
our thoughts that tell us over and over
again why we're not good enough.
Learning radical acceptance does not
mean you have to approve of your past.
It doesn't mean what happened to you was
okay or that your trauma was fair. It
doesn't mean your heartbreak was
deserved or that you have to continue
putting energy into things that don't
benefit you. But whether we decide to
accept or not, our past will remain
unchanged. For a long time, I thought
that healing meant figuring out how to
erase painful experiences from my life.
But it's not about erasing anything or
pretending like it doesn't exist. It's
about learning to look at it and say, "I
accept it and I can move on." I know
you're going through a hard time right
now. I know you must feel so ashamed.
But every failure and experience you
perceive is a gift. You become wiser,
stronger, more clear. And I can
genuinely say that every failure has
taught me what I needed the most. So in
this moment, if you feel like a failure,
you don't need to force yourself to be
happy. You don't need to pretend that
everything's going your way. But you've
never lost your power. And you have the
control to stop letting these things
mean something about who you are. Being
single doesn't mean you're unlovable.
Not having money doesn't mean you're
unsuccessful. Being rejected doesn't
mean you're unwanted. You are not your
experiences. Nothing is good or bad. It
just is. And you just are.